feat (custom page debug mode) document studio behavior (#792)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/api-extensions.md

**Note**: REST API permissions are stored in the user's session and new permissions will only be effective for a user the next time he logs in to the portal.
:::

::: warning
In Bonita Studio, the debug mode is enabled by default. In debug mode, you can see changes on your API extension without importing a new zip archive, but it means the class of the extension is reloaded at each request.  

> If you want to disable the debug mode, you need to use the setup tool provided in `workspace/tomcat/setup/` to set `custom.page.debug` to `false` in `console-config.properties`. (Update the file database.properties first so it points to the target database. E.g.: h2.database.dir=../../default/h2_database).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disable the debug mode, you need to use the setup tool provided in `workspace/tomcat/setup/` to set `custom.page.debug` to `false` in `console-config.properties`. (Update the file database.properties first so it points to the target database. E.g.: h2.database.dir=../../<PROJECT NAME>/h2_database).
```
